{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialNarrow;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Prof Anmol S Kalha osre\
\
Chief Architect and Mentor, Smart Health \
\
Col (Retd.) AD Corps \
BSc BDS MDS Cert Lingual Ortho (Germany)\
\
Fellow, World Federation of Orthodontists\
Member, American Association of Orthodontists\
Member, German Society for Aesthetic Orthodontics: DGAK\
Member, Eurasian Orthodontic Society\
Founding Member, Indian Academy of Dental Sleep Medicine\
Founding Member, Lingual Orthodontic Society, India\
Member, ISDR (IADR)\
Visiting Professor, University of Health Sciences, Cambodia,\
Advisor, Cambodian Dental Association and Leeds Dental Institute, UK\
Professor Emeritus, Distinguished Professor, and Chief Mentor, CIDS\
Principal Consultant and Advisor, Max Healthcare, Delhi\
\
Four decades have passed since Dr Kalha graduated with a University Roll of Honor and a gold medal in 1976. He was then Commissioned into the Army Dental Corps and served with distinction both in India and abroad. Selected for deputation to the Sultanate of Oman in 1983, he was also appointed as Liaison officer with the Indian embassy for all bilateral matters pertaining to the Armed Forces. He was awarded the Order of the Special Royal Emblem by Sultan of Oman for distinguished services in 1986. With a Masters\'92 degree (MDS) from AFMC with highest possible grades, he is a recipient of the General Master Memorial Silver Medal. As a clinician, he has served as a classified and senior specialist in various flagship establishments and published both military and professional papers. \
\
Dr Kalha has featured at the forefront in Academics, Clinical Practice, Healthcare administration and is an International key opinion leader and consultant. As a professor, he has lectured and taught extensively across South America, USA, UK, Europe, West Asia, South-East Asia, China, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Brazil, Latin America. He has trained in Germany in Lingual Orthodontics at the Karl Eberhardt University in 2000 and has taught Lingual Orthodontics globally. Dr Kalha has also received Advanced Instructional Training in Lingual Orthodontics (Incognito) at Bad Essen Germany in 2010. He has been involved in Consultancy, Product Development, and Clinical Strategy for 15 years. His work on evidence- based health initiatives in 2000 and since then, has been actively involved with EBD UK.\
\
Speaking of his work with the Government of India, he has actively involved with National Healthcare/Education Policy and Planning, while presenting ideas to the Planning Commission, National Knowledge Commission, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, and WHO. Dr Kalha is a member of the National Council on Clinical Establishments.\
\
As a teacher, he holds the distinction of rendering lectures and mentoring in 42 countries around the globe. While being a Professor Emeritus at one of the most prestigious institutions in the National Capital Region, he is also a distinguished professor and Chief Mentor at a leading institution in Southern India. A Principal Consultant and Advisor to one of the most prestigious health care groups in India, he is also involved in developing Healthcare Analytics for healthcare providers. He is accredited to practice in Dubai and has a consulting practice in India and overseas. Dr Kalha has also chaired the Diplomate of the National Board of Examinations several times, served as an examiner at several universities, and guided over 200 post graduate dissertations. He sits on the Editorial Board of several prestigious international journals - EBD UK, EAPD, and more \'96 and was also responsible of setting up the first dedicated evidence based dentistry centre in South-East Asia in 2000.\
\
As a dentist, he holds special interest in Adult Orthodontics, TADS, Aesthetic Orthodontics, and early treatment. He received a Lifetime Achievement Award at the FDI SFDS for his contribution to Military Dentistry and Oral Health Sciences.\
}