{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialNarrow;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Kartik Visvanathan
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sa100

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Kartik\'92s philosophy for analytics revolves around two key aspects. Firstly, analytics should help the decision-maker at the right time and place, i.e., analytics is not about what \'93data scientists\'94 do, but about what end users consume. Secondly, the return on investment in analytics should be measurable and the impact of analytics should be quantifiable. As CEO of Juxt Smart Mandate, his focus is to create solutions that are available for decision-makers, and deployed on tools that are common: mobiles, tablets and PCs. He believes that the future belongs to those organisations that can get the best out of \'91people\'92 and \'91data\'92.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Kartik manages the overall business at Juxt Smart Mandate which includes ensuring goal clarity and focus, strategy, new product development, spotting and managing talent, and building customer relations and alliances. His career, which spans over 20 years, covers the realm of research, analytics and consulting across a variety of domains including manufacturing, service, media, telecom, retail, pharmaceuticals, and education. He has worked with clients and data across a broad spectrum of countries and cultures.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs32 His special passion is working with donors, NGOs and government in the development sector. The aspects of development Kartik has worked on include education for the underprivileged (with Sesame Street), public sanitation, child and mothers\'92 health, reproductive health, and AIDS. Most of his research has aimed at forming public policy, impact assessment and assessing resource utilisation.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl100\sa100

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Kartik is a qualified civil engineer from the College of Engineering Pune and holds a postgraduate degree in management from Pune University. He spent his formative years living in a variety of locations across India as his father, who worked for the Indian government, was transferred from place to place. He is a voracious reader who loves reading history, fiction and biographies. He likes listening to music and is a crack ace at all racket sports.
\f1\fs24 \
}